README.md, before:

# README:
> Collection of various **python** scripts and personal utilities, written mostly for fun and educational purpose.

## network-recon 
> Custom enumerating scripts to be launched against one or many targets adapted from [Mike Czumak](https://www.securitysift.com/offsec-pwb-oscp/)
- `recon.py`                     - script to run enumeration scripts on targets based on running services

## nlp-scripts 
> Collection of scripts and exercises written while learning *Natural Language Processing* using **NLTK** and **spaCy**

- `wiki-gen.py`                  - Generates two corpus using summaries from wikipedia ['en','simple']
- `tw-tool.py`                   - Exercise script, statistical indexes, mutual information, bigrams, trigrams
- `project1.py` & `project2.py`  - University projects
- `totd/totd-project.py`         - The Typing of The Dead, Dictionary Generator: http://bit.ly/ttotd-steam
- `levenshtein.py`               - Playing around with Levenshtein distance
- `demo-chatbot`                 - [Datacamp Course](https://campus.datacamp.com/courses/building-chatbots-in-python/) chatbot and virtual assistant
- `sentiment.py`                 - custom Sentiment Analysis Component class for Rasa NLU
- `fuzzy-match.py`               - custom fuzzy string matching combining nltk's tokenizers, stemmers, and edit distance. 

## steganography 
> Inspired by episodes of Mr. Robot, where Elliot uses a software for hiding information within his audio files
- `deepwav.py`                   - compress, encrypt and hide files into WAV files; also decrypts and extracts


## miscellaneous 
> Various scripts and exercises written for fun
- `genCodiceFiscale.py`          - italian fiscal code generator, for testing purposes
- `dice-poker_bot.py`            - Telegram Bot: Dice Poker mini-game to be played vs bot
- `pomodoro.py`                  - easy to use Pomodoro Technique Timer
- `memento-mori/main.py`         - Futurama inspired DeathClock
- `pdfExtract.py`                - simple script to extract page intervals from pdf file
- `pdfMerge.py`                  - simple script to merge different pdf files
- `toSprite.py`                  - creates simple sprite-sheets from a folder of frames
- `keywordmonitor.py`            - [Justin Seitz](http://www.automatingosint.com/blog/2017/04/building-a-keyword-monitoring-pipeline-with-python-pastebin-and-searx/)'s Keyword Monitoring Pipeline
- `googlePdfs.py`                - automated bulk search and download of pdfs from google.com
- `interaction_test.py`          - testing chatbot application Socket.io interaction

## flask 
> Small app written for fun and testing purposes
- `simple_chat.py`               - very simple chat app using flask-socketio

Commit message:

story example generator
generator of training examples (stories) for Rasa Core project

README.md, after:

# README:
> Collection of various **python** scripts and personal utilities, written mostly for fun and educational purpose.

## network-recon 
> Custom enumerating scripts to be launched against one or many targets adapted from [Mike Czumak](https://www.securitysift.com/offsec-pwb-oscp/)
- `recon.py`                     - script to run enumeration scripts on targets based on running services

## nlp-scripts 
> Collection of scripts and exercises written while learning *Natural Language Processing* using **NLTK** and **spaCy**

- `wiki-gen.py`                  - Generates two corpus using summaries from wikipedia ['en','simple']
- `tw-tool.py`                   - Exercise script, statistical indexes, mutual information, bigrams, trigrams
- `project1.py` & `project2.py`  - University projects
- `totd/totd-project.py`         - The Typing of The Dead, Dictionary Generator: http://bit.ly/ttotd-steam
- `levenshtein.py`               - Playing around with Levenshtein distance
- `demo-chatbot`                 - [Datacamp Course](https://campus.datacamp.com/courses/building-chatbots-in-python/) chatbot and virtual assistant
- `sentiment.py`                 - custom Sentiment Analysis Component class for Rasa NLU
- `fuzzy-match.py`               - custom fuzzy string matching combining nltk's tokenizers, stemmers, and edit distance. 

## steganography 
> Inspired by episodes of Mr. Robot, where Elliot uses a software for hiding information within his audio files
- `deepwav.py`                   - compress, encrypt and hide files into WAV files; also decrypts and extracts


## miscellaneous 
> Various scripts and exercises written for fun
- `genCodiceFiscale.py`          - italian fiscal code generator, for testing purposes
- `dice-poker_bot.py`            - Telegram Bot: Dice Poker mini-game to be played vs bot
- `pomodoro.py`                  - easy to use Pomodoro Technique Timer
- `memento-mori/main.py`         - Futurama inspired DeathClock
- `pdfExtract.py`                - simple script to extract page intervals from pdf file
- `pdfMerge.py`                  - simple script to merge different pdf files
- `toSprite.py`                  - creates simple sprite-sheets from a folder of frames
- `keywordmonitor.py`            - [Justin Seitz](http://www.automatingosint.com/blog/2017/04/building-a-keyword-monitoring-pipeline-with-python-pastebin-and-searx/)'s Keyword Monitoring Pipeline
- `googlePdfs.py`                - automated bulk search and download of pdfs from google.com
- `interaction_test.py`          - testing chatbot application Socket.io interaction
- `generate_stories.py`          - generator of training examples for Rasa Core

## flask 
> Small app written for fun and testing purposes
- `simple_chat.py`               - very simple chat app using flask-socketio
